scoop-bucket: add page (#4554)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/scoop-bucket.md

# scoop bucket

> > A bucket is an application repository.

Reviewer: Based on the wiki page:
```suggestion
> A bucket is a Git repository with a manifest which describe how to install an application.
```
too verbose?

Author: This also a good idea, but I would put it a little bit more general. Maybe the term `manifest` could confuse new users. 
```
A bucket is Git repository containing files which describe how scoop installs applications.
```

> > A bucket is Git repository containing files which describe how scoop installs applications.

Reviewer: Just a typo
```suggestion
> A bucket is a Git repository containing files which describe how scoop installs applications.
```

Author: You're correct. Thanks :D

> > Some buckets are already known to scoop, so you don't have to provide an url.

Reviewer: Is this better?
```suggestion
> if Scoop doesn't know where the bucket is located we should specify its repository location.
```

Author: Yeah this also does sound a lot better. Just one small remark: Maybe we can replace the `should` with a `have to`. By using `should` this does sound more like a suggestion, rather than an instruction.

> > A bucket is a Git repository containing files which describe how scoop installs applications.
> > If Scoop doesn't know where the bucket is located we have to specify its repository location.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Manage buckets: Git repositories containing files which describe how scoop installs applications.
> If Scoop doesn't know where the bucket is located its repository location must be specified.
```

Author: Yeah, that's even better

> More information: <https://github.com/lukesampson/scoop/wiki/Buckets>.

- List all buckets currently in use:

`scoop bucket list`

- List all known buckets:

`scoop bucket known`

- Add a known bucket by its name:

`scoop bucket add {{name}}`

- Add an unknown bucket by its name and Git repository url:

> `scoop bucket add {{name}} {{repository}}`

Author: Yeah this looks indeed a lot better.
According to my understanding you can choose the name freely. For a lot of the repositories (take a look at [this list](https://scoop.netlify.app/buckets/) and view some GitHub pages of repositories) the repository URL is somewhat simillar to the suggested name, but isn't not always equals, so I would choose the second option.
